@weight 0.0125
terrafirmacraft:item.stick
terrafirmacraft:item.Straw
minecraft:string
terrafirmacraft:item.WoolYarn
terrafirmacraft:item.Jute Fibre

ImmersiveEngineering:seed
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Barley
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Cabbage
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Carrot
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Garlic
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Greenbean
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Jute
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Maize
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Oat
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Onion
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Potato
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Red Bell Pepper
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Rice
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Rye
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Soybean
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Squash
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Sugarcane
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Tomato
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Wheat
terrafirmacraft:item.Seeds Yellow Bell Pepper
yegamolchattels:flax_seeds

@weight 0.05
terrafirmacraft:Thatch

@weight 0.1
terrafirmacraft:item.Wool
terrafirmacraft:item.SinglePlank

@weight 0.125
terrafirmacraft:item.TFC Leather
terrafirmacraft:item.bootsCloth
terrafirmacraft:item.chestplateCloth
terrafirmacraft:item.helmetCloth
terrafirmacraft:item.leggingsCloth

@weight 0.15
terrafirmacraft:item.BurlapCloth

@weight 0.2
terrafirmacraft:item.WoolCloth

@weight 0.25
terrafirmacraft:item.Jute

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Brass Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Gold Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.HC Black Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.HC Blue Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.HC Red Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.HC Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Lead Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Nickel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Pig Iron Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Platinum Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Rose Gold Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Silver Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Sterling Silver Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Tin Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Unknown Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Weak Blue Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Weak Red Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Weak Steel Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Zinc Ingot

@weight 0.3
terrafirmacraft:item.SilkCloth

@weight 0.4
terrafirmacraft:planks
terrafirmacraft:planks2

@weight 0.5
terrafirmacraft:item.Jug

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Brass Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Gold Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Lead Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Nickel Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Pig Iron Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Platinum Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Rose Gold Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Silver Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Sterling Silver Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Tin Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Double Ingot
terrafirmacraft:item.Zinc Double Ingot

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Brass Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Gold Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Lead Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Nickel Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Pig Iron Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Platinum Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Rose Gold Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Silver Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Sterling Silver Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Tin Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Zinc Sheet

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Unfinished Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Unfinished Boots

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Unfinished Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Unfinished Helmet

@weight 0.75
terrafirmacraft:item.Log
terrafirmacraft:item.Log2

@weight 1.0
terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Brass Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Gold Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Lead Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Nickel Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Pig Iron Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Platinum Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Rose Gold Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Silver Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Sterling Silver Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Tin Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Double Sheet
terrafirmacraft:item.Zinc Double Sheet

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Tuyere
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Tuyere

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Boots
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Boots

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Helmet
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Helmet

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Unfinished Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Unfinished Chestplate

terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Unfinished Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Unfinished Greaves

@weight 1.5
terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Greaves
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Greaves

@weight 2.0
terrafirmacraft:item.Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Bronze Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Black Steel Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Blue Steel Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Bronze Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Copper Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Red Steel Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Steel Chestplate
terrafirmacraft:item.Wrought Iron Chestplate

@weight 6.75
technofirma:Magic Anvil

@weight 7.0
terrafirmacraft:Anvil
terrafirmacraft:Anvil2

@weight 48.0
terrafirmacraft:item.Small Vessel
